feat: new lacework_alert_channel_gcp_pub_sub resource (#58)
lacework/terraform-provider-lacework: website/docs/r/alert_channel_gcp_pub_sub.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Alert Channels"
layout: "lacework"
page_title: "Lacework: lacework_alert_channel_gcp_pub_sub"
description: |-
  Create and manage GCP Pub Sub Alert Channel integrations
---

# lacework\_alert\_channel\_gcp\_pub\_sub

You can configure Lacework to forward events to this Google Cloud Pub/Sub asynchronous messaging service using the Lacework Google Cloud Pub/Sub alert channel.

To find more information see the [Lacework support documentation](https://support.lacework.com/hc/en-us/articles/360047496514-Google-Cloud-Pub-Sub).

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "lacework_alert_channel_gcp_pub_sub" "example" {
  name       = "S3 Data Export"
  project_id = "my-sample-project-191923"
  topic_id   = "mytopic"
  credentials {
    client_id = "client_id"
    client_email = "foo@example.iam.gserviceaccount.com"
    private_key = "priv_key"
    private_key_id = "p_key_id"

>   }

Reviewer: Could we please update three things here, the topic and project ids should be something meaningful. Also, let's use the same docs on the other resources for the `credentials` field here 👆🏽

}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The Alert Channel integration name.

> * `project_id` - (Required) The name of the Gcp Project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `project_id` - (Required) The name of the Google Cloud Project.
```

> * `topic_id` - (Required) The id of the Gcp Pub Sub Topic.

Reviewer: ID should be capitalized.
Google's doc refer to Pub/Sub topic: https://cloud.google.com/pubsub

```suggestion
* `topic_id` - (Required) The ID of the Google Cloud Pub/Sub topic.
```
